Add information on number of decimal places allowed for SLO targets (#10306)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/service_level_objectives/metric.md

While the SLO remains above the target percentage, the SLO's status will be displayed in green font. When the target percentage is violated, the SLO's status will be displayed in red font. You can also optionally include a warning percentage that is greater than the target percentage to indicate when you are approaching an SLO breach. When the warning percentage is violated (but the target percentage is not violated), the SLO status will be displayed in yellow font.

> **Note:** Up to 3 decimal places are allowed for metric-based SLO targets. The precision shown in the details UI of the SLO will be up to `num_target_decimal_places + 1 = 4 decimal places`. The exact precision shown will be dependent on the magnitude of the values in your denominator query. The higher the magnitude of the denominator, the higher the precision that can be shown up to the 4 decimal place limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Up to three decimal places are allowed for metric-based SLO targets. The precision shown in the details UI of the SLO will be up to `num_target_decimal_places + 1 = 4 decimal places`. The exact precision shown will be dependent on the magnitude of the values in your denominator query. The higher the magnitude of the denominator, the higher the precision that can be shown up to the four decimal place limit.
```
